Ignore `status` subresources and `metadata.managedFields` for resource size limit admission (#10011)
gardener/gardener: docs/concepts/admission-controller.md

[Vertical autoscaling](https://github.com/kubernetes/autoscaler/tree/master/vertical-pod-autoscaler) can help to mitigate such situations, but we cannot expect to scale infinitely, and thus need means to block the attack itself.

The Resource Size Validator checks arbitrary incoming admission requests against a configured maximum size for the resource's group-version-kind combination. It denies the request if the object exceeds the quota.

> The values of the following keys are not taken into account for the resource size calculation: `status`, `metadata.managedFields`

Reviewer: Nit
```suggestion

> [!NOTE]
> The content of `status` subresources and `metadata.managedFields` are not taken into account for the resource size calculation.
```

Author: Thank you for having a look! Applied suggestion, also modified PR title and release note accordingly.
